some 72 a psalm of solomon if the king
your judgments O God and your
righteousness to the king's son he will
judge your people with righteousness and
your poor with justice the mountains
will bring peace to the people and the
little Hills by righteousness he will
bring justice to the poor of the people
he will save the children of the needy
and will break in pieces the oppressor
they shall fear you as long as the Sun
and Moon enjoy throughout all
generations he shall come down like rain
on the grass before Maui like showers
that water in his days the righteous
shall flourish an abundance of peace
till the moon is slowly he shall have
dominion also from sea to sea and from
the river to the ends of
those who dwell in the wilderness will
bow before him and his enemies will lick
the dust the kings of Tarshish of the
Isles will bring presents the kings of
Sheba and Seba will offer gifts yes all
Kings shall fall
all nations shall serve him for he will
deliver the needy when he cries the poor
also and him who has know him he will
spare the poor and needy and will save
the souls of the needy he will redeem
their life from oppression and violence
and precious shall be their blood in his
sight and he shall live and the gold of
sheba will be given to him
prayer also will be made for him
continually and daily he shall be
praised
there will be an abundance of grain in
the earth on the top of the mountains
its fruit shall wave like Lebanon and
those of the city shall flourish like
grass of the earth his name shall endure
heaven his name shall continue as long
as the Sun and men shall be blessed
all nations shall call him blessed
blessed be the Lord God the God of
Israel who only does wondrous things and
blessed be his glorious name ever and
that the whole earth be filled with his
glory and
prayers of David the son of Jesse our
end
[Music]